so these are the essential things that
you need a utility knife like a blade a
paper towel roll now the paper towel
roll shouldn't be the one that has all
the designs on it or is too like Soompi
just try and make it as smooth as
possible you need a container with a lid
you need bottled water or filtered water
you need a microwavable bowl and you
need 1 to 2 tablespoons of coconut oil
and tear free tear free baby shampoo ok
so now when you've got all of this
together
you basically take now your mixture you
take 2 cups of the bottled water and
pour it into the microwavable Bowl then
you take 2 tablespoons of the oil and
pour that into the mixture then you put
a few squeezes of the baby shampoo in
there as well and then you stick it into
the microwave for like a couple of
seconds
take it out stir it and then you take
your container now depending on the size
of your container you need to cut the
paper towel to that size then you when
you cut it stick it into the container
and now every paper towel comes with
that cardboard layer like inside and you
need to remove that and take the mixture
and pour it into the container okay now
shut it with the lid turn it upside down
and keep it there for five minutes now
once that five minutes is up turn it
back over take the lid off okay then you
take your lid and the blade again and
you cut right in the center of the lid
and X okay and make sure that it like
really goes through because that's going
to be the opening to pull out your paper
towel then just before you close the lid
the paper towel right in the middle
where the hole is pull out that first
paper just a little bit so right in the
inner layer okay right in the inside
pull it out close the lid and just take
it out a little bit and then you are
ready to use your home made wipes and I
can get so wantin to remove your makeup
I think that's the best thing you can do
for your skin after I use my makeup
wipes I always wash my face again and
put moisturizing cream before I go to
bed get really good beauty sleep and
you're ready to go if you liked what you
saw then don't forget to give me a
thumbs up and comment below and let me
know if there's anything else you want
to know and of course don't forget to
follow me on my Facebook Twitter
Instagram and Google+ and I will see you
guys next time don't forget to keep your
skin and everything else stylish
I'll see you